README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hello, I'm Julian</h1>
<h3 align="center">
  💼  Senior Software QA Engineer &nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;🤖 Automation Strategist &nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;🧑🏻‍🔬 Quality Advocate
</h3>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&color=F48FB1&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=QA+Engineering+for+Web%2C+Mobile%2C+API;E2E+Automation+with+pytest%2C+Appium%2C+Playwright;Performance+Testing+with+k6;CI%2FCD+via+GitHub+Actions+%26+Allure;Test+Design+%7C+BDD%2C+Data%2C+Architecture" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>



<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <td><strong>🧪 Test Frameworks</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pytest-blue?style=flat"/>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pytest--bdd-blue?style=flat"/>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Robot-yellow?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>📱 Mobile Testing</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Appium-E34F26?style=flat"/>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/BrowserStack-FF6C37?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>🖥 Web Testing</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Playwright-2C2E3E?style=flat"/>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Selenium-43B02A?style=flat"/>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Browser--use-000000?style=flat&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=white"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>🌐 API Testing</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-orange?style=flat"/>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/requests-red?style=flat"/>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>⚙️ Performance</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/k6-7D64FF?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>📈 Monitoring</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Grafana-F46800?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>🛠 CI/CD</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2088FF?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>🧠 Shift Testing</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Shift--Left_&_Right-%E2%9C%85-blueviolet?style=flat"/>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>🔍 BDD</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Cucumber%20%7C%20Gherkin-orange?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>🏗️ Architecture</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Scalable_%7C_Modular_%7C_Maintainable-2ecc71?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>☁  Cloud Testing</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/BrowserStack-e74c3c?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>📊 Allure Reports</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Reports_%7C_Visibility_%7C_Integration-3498db?style=flat"/>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>




---

## 🧠 About Me

- 💼 **Title**: Senior Software QA Engineer (SET)
- 🚀 I specialize in **building resilient and maintainable automated testing frameworks**
- 🧪 Passionate about **automating complex business logic** and ensuring **end-user confidence**
- 🎯 Championing **testability**, **observability**, and quality integration across the SDLC

---

## 🛠️ Core Skillset & Tech Stack

### 🧪 Test Automation

- **Frameworks**: `pytest`, `pytest-bdd`, `Robot Framework`
- **Automation Tools**: `Appium`, `Selenium`, `Playwright`
- **Languages**: `Python`, `JavaScript`, `Shell scripting`
- **API Testing**: `requests`, `Postman`, `Swagger`
- **Mobile Testing**: `Appium`, Android/iOS Emulator & Real Devices
- **Web Testing**: `Playwright`, `Selenium WebDriver`
- **Performance Testing**: `k6`

### 📦 DevOps & CI/CD

- **CI Tools**: `GitHub Actions`
- **Cloud Testing**: `BrowserStack`
- **Version Control**: `Git`, `GitHub Flow`, release tagging, branching strategy

### 🔍 Performance & Reliability

- **Performance Testing**: `k6`
- **Monitoring & Logs**: `Allure`, `Grafana`
- **Resilience Testing**: Retry logic, flaky test detection, timeouts, stabilization techniques

### 📐 QA Architecture & Test Strategy

- **Test Pyramid**: Unit, Integration, UI
- **Design Patterns**: Page Object Model (POM), DRY fixtures
- **Documentation**: `Allure`, `Markdown`, `Confluence`, `Notion`

  

<p align="left"> <a href="https://skillicons.dev"> <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,gherkin,selenium,androidstudio,githubactions,figma,git,js,typescript,postman,docker,grafana,cypress,jenkins,html,css,react,tailwindcss,firebase,vscode,pycharm,stackoverflow,jest,linux,swift" /> </a> </p>

---

## 🧩 Recent Projects

- 📱 [E2E Automation for GoGoX APP ](https://github.com/JulianWangHZ/GoGoX-App-Automation)  
  Built using `pytest` + `Appium`, orchestrated with GitHub Actions for CI workflows.  
  Applied `pytest-bdd` and Page Object Model to organize cross-platform test logic.  
  Delivered reliable mobile coverage with reusable and maintainable test steps.

- 🖥️  [Web E2E Automation with browser-use](https://github.com/JulianWangHZ/Browser-Use-Automation)  
  An end-to-end testing framework powered by [browser-use](https://github.com/browser-use/browser-use) , enabling natural language–driven test flows with autonomous browser agents.
It supports CI/CD integration, reporting, and multi-environment execution. 
    
- 🔌 [Pytest API Test for FakeStore API](https://github.com/JulianWangHZ/Pytest-API-Test-Demo)  
Designed and implemented a modular API test framework using `pytest`, `requests`, and `allure-pytest`.
Emphasizes clean test organization, dynamic input generation, and maintainable reusable components.

- 🚀 [K6 Performance Test](https://github.com/JulianWangHZ/K6-Peformance)  
  Built a performance testing suite using `k6` to simulate real-world API traffic and evaluate system resilience.  
  Included scenarios for load, spike, and stress testing with parameterized test data and custom thresholds.  
  Test results can be integrated with Grafana for live monitoring and post-test analysis.

- 📊 [Grafana Dashboard Demo](https://github.com/JulianWangHZ/Grafana-demo)  
  Set up a customizable Grafana dashboard for visualizing test reports and system metrics.  
  Integrated with data sources like `Prometheus` and `Loki` to monitor automation runs and application logs.  
  Demonstrates practical QA usage scenarios such as CI test tracking and error trend analysis.


---

### 📫 Let's Connect

* ✉️ Email: `julian.wang.qae@gmail.com`
* 🔗 LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/JulianWangHZ](http://linkedin.com/in/julian-wang-qae)
* 📍 Based in Taiwan | Open to remote-friendly teams

![Snake animation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JulianWangHZ/snk/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg)

Commit message:

feat: update bug severity guide in recent projects

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hello, I'm Julian</h1>
<h3 align="center">
  💼  Senior Software QA Engineer &nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;🤖 Automation Strategist &nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;🧑🏻‍🔬 Quality Advocate
</h3>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&color=F48FB1&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=QA+Engineering+for+Web%2C+Mobile%2C+API;E2E+Automation+with+pytest%2C+Appium%2C+Playwright;Performance+Testing+with+k6;CI%2FCD+via+GitHub+Actions+%26+Allure;Test+Design+%7C+BDD%2C+Data%2C+Architecture" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>



<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <td><strong>🧪 Test Frameworks</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pytest-blue?style=flat"/>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pytest--bdd-blue?style=flat"/>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Robot-yellow?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>📱 Mobile Testing</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Appium-E34F26?style=flat"/>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/BrowserStack-FF6C37?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>🖥 Web Testing</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Playwright-2C2E3E?style=flat"/>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Selenium-43B02A?style=flat"/>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Browser--use-000000?style=flat&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=white"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>🌐 API Testing</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-orange?style=flat"/>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/requests-red?style=flat"/>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>⚙️ Performance</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/k6-7D64FF?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>📈 Monitoring</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Grafana-F46800?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>🛠 CI/CD</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2088FF?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>🧠 Shift Testing</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Shift--Left_&_Right-%E2%9C%85-blueviolet?style=flat"/>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>🔍 BDD</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Cucumber%20%7C%20Gherkin-orange?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>🏗️ Architecture</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Scalable_%7C_Modular_%7C_Maintainable-2ecc71?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>☁  Cloud Testing</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/BrowserStack-e74c3c?style=flat"/>
    </td>
    <td><strong>📊 Allure Reports</strong><br>
      <img height="17" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Reports_%7C_Visibility_%7C_Integration-3498db?style=flat"/>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>




---

## 🧠 About Me

- 💼 **Title**: Senior Software QA Engineer (SET)
- 🚀 I specialize in **building resilient and maintainable automated testing frameworks**
- 🧪 Passionate about **automating complex business logic** and ensuring **end-user confidence**
- 🎯 Championing **testability**, **observability**, and quality integration across the SDLC

---

## 🛠️ Core Skillset & Tech Stack

### 🧪 Test Automation

- **Frameworks**: `pytest`, `pytest-bdd`, `Robot Framework`
- **Automation Tools**: `Appium`, `Selenium`, `Playwright`
- **Languages**: `Python`, `JavaScript`, `Shell scripting`
- **API Testing**: `requests`, `Postman`, `Swagger`
- **Mobile Testing**: `Appium`, Android/iOS Emulator & Real Devices
- **Web Testing**: `Playwright`, `Selenium WebDriver`
- **Performance Testing**: `k6`

### 📦 DevOps & CI/CD

- **CI Tools**: `GitHub Actions`
- **Cloud Testing**: `BrowserStack`
- **Version Control**: `Git`, `GitHub Flow`, release tagging, branching strategy

### 🔍 Performance & Reliability

- **Performance Testing**: `k6`
- **Monitoring & Logs**: `Allure`, `Grafana`
- **Resilience Testing**: Retry logic, flaky test detection, timeouts, stabilization techniques

### 📐 QA Architecture & Test Strategy

- **Test Pyramid**: Unit, Integration, UI
- **Design Patterns**: Page Object Model (POM), DRY fixtures
- **Documentation**: `Allure`, `Markdown`, `Confluence`, `Notion`

  

<p align="left"> <a href="https://skillicons.dev"> <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,gherkin,selenium,androidstudio,githubactions,figma,git,js,typescript,postman,docker,grafana,cypress,jenkins,html,css,react,tailwindcss,firebase,vscode,pycharm,stackoverflow,jest,linux,swift" /> </a> </p>

---

## 🧩 Recent Projects

- 📋 [Bug Severity Guide ](https://github.com/JulianWangHZ/Bug-Severity-Guide)  
  A concise standard for defect triage that pairs **Severity (A/B/C)**—the user/system **impact**—with **Priority (P0–P4)**—the fix **urgency**—so teams can triage consistently and make informed trade-offs.

- 📱 [E2E Automation for GoGoX APP ](https://github.com/JulianWangHZ/GoGoX-App-Automation)  
  Built using `pytest` + `Appium`, orchestrated with GitHub Actions for CI workflows.  
  Applied `pytest-bdd` and Page Object Model to organize cross-platform test logic.  
  Delivered reliable mobile coverage with reusable and maintainable test steps.

- 🖥️  [Web E2E Automation with browser-use](https://github.com/JulianWangHZ/Browser-Use-Automation)  
  An end-to-end testing framework powered by [browser-use](https://github.com/browser-use/browser-use) , enabling natural language–driven test flows with autonomous browser agents.
It supports CI/CD integration, reporting, and multi-environment execution. 
    
- 🔌 [Pytest API Test for FakeStore API](https://github.com/JulianWangHZ/Pytest-API-Test-Demo)  
Designed and implemented a modular API test framework using `pytest`, `requests`, and `allure-pytest`.
Emphasizes clean test organization, dynamic input generation, and maintainable reusable components.

- 🚀 [K6 Performance Test](https://github.com/JulianWangHZ/K6-Peformance)  
  Built a performance testing suite using `k6` to simulate real-world API traffic and evaluate system resilience.  
  Included scenarios for load, spike, and stress testing with parameterized test data and custom thresholds.  
  Test results can be integrated with Grafana for live monitoring and post-test analysis.

- 📊 [Grafana Dashboard Demo](https://github.com/JulianWangHZ/Grafana-demo)  
  Set up a customizable Grafana dashboard for visualizing test reports and system metrics.  
  Integrated with data sources like `Prometheus` and `Loki` to monitor automation runs and application logs.  
  Demonstrates practical QA usage scenarios such as CI test tracking and error trend analysis.


---

### 📫 Let's Connect

* ✉️ Email: `julian.wang.qae@gmail.com`
* 🔗 LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/JulianWangHZ](http://linkedin.com/in/julian-wang-qae)
* 📍 Based in Taiwan | Open to remote-friendly teams

![Snake animation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JulianWangHZ/snk/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg)
